[Docs]Addition of Usage steps in README (#40)
kubesimplify/ksctl: README.md

# ksctl

> A Kubernetes Distribution that can create clusters as well as High-Available clusters local as well as on cloud platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Kubernetes Distribution that can create clusters as well as high-availability clusters locally as well as on cloud platforms
```

# Project Scope

> Many cloud providers offer their flavor of Kubernetes. Each provider has its unique CLI tool which is used to create and manage clusters on that particular cloud. When working in a multi-cloud environment, it can get difficult to create and manage so many clusters. ksctl is a single CLI tool that can interact with a multitude of cloud providers, making it easy for you to manage multi-cloud clusters, with just a single CLI tool. Currently, we support Civo and Local clusters.

Reviewer: We should highlight the supported features
